“What is that incalculable feeling that deprives the mind of the sleep necessary to life?” (A.C.)
To be alive is to be soft and malleable, it is when something becomes hard and rigid, that it dies (after A.T.)
She goes around talking to the plants, certain that it will make them happy and responsive.
You send something out, uncertain whether it returns. There is not enough energy to do anything beyond that gesture. But when it returns, this insufficient energy is completed.
One says that if one repeats something over and over, always with the same results, but one waits for the outcome to be different, that is a form of insanity. But it is?
I have started to map the plate. Each particle that perhaps originally found its place by chance, now has its proper location and has its identified shape.
Phenomenology has a notion of “intention”. What does it mean that two things have the intention to come near to each other?
I have collected fallen branches covered with yellow lichen. It seems not violent to scrape the lichen off this wood. But it would be a strong insertion into the image if I added the new fragments.
The sugar, the power, they disappear over time, one can follow them fainting, but where do they go? Are they absorbed by the substrate, or dissipate into the air?
If viewed at fast enough time lapse, rocks would appear as fluids.
Little cuts, paper cuts in the finger, very fine cuts, but very painful. How long it takes for them to disappear.
The time it takes for wax to become soft when you hold between your fingers. And the time it takes to become solid when blowing out the candle.
One can be lapidary, and resist the urge to instill intensive meaning just because the space is so constrained. Words can be light.
The essence of the horizon, that it always remains outside reach.
Sometimes I wait for the next photography to appear. I know exactly when it will happen, I feel relief that the situation there is intact, yet I want to be surprised by the details and by the light.
almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost
warten sie also auf den aufruf ihres herzens. alles wird ihnen vergehen wie im fluge! (F.H.,J.S.,P.W.)
Horizons create space by remaining distant. But also by being in a curious distance. If there were no change as I move, that space would collapse.
Thresholds and tipping points. Would you wait for a continuous transformation? Or rather for that moment when change is tangible. Like when the ear closes and a lowpass filter sets in.
Waiting to go home, but only waiting won't get me there.
Time in its motion meanders, forming flashes of memories. Soon to be invoked and felt in the most sacred part of the self. Gently, but never late. (SignalZero)
Hier wo nichts mehr warten kann, steh ich stundenlang einfach nur an (F.H.)
Expectorant audience coughing before the concert. (C.P.)
still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still still
You told me not to contact you until we could talk in person. Now I am waiting to see how we can find each other without contact. I only know we will find each other again. We always have.
Zusammenfassend gilt also, dass wartende Menschen die Möglichkeit haben sollten, zu tun und zu lassen, was sie wollen. (F.H.,J.S.,P.W.)
Please accept this delay consolation and try again later. (C.P.)
“Dans la grande salle, debout derrière les comptoirs, elles attendaient les clients.” (E.Z.)
Can we imagine a sort of synaesthesia produced by the co-presence of image and text? In what way would they become one tangled phenomenon?
“I sing to use the waiting, My bonnet but to tie, And shut the door unto my house, No more to do have I; Till his best step approaching, We journey to the day, ...” (E.D.)
Die später Umgekehrten waren zuständig für die Zielsetzungen. Sie übernahmen viel von früher.
“Bodies take the shape of the very contact they have with objects and others.“ (S.A.)
„Nicht allein bleibt das erwartete Ereignis aus, sondern das unerwartete geschieht: die Brücke stürzt, die Saat verkümmert, die Medizin macht krank.“ (T.W.A.,M.H.)
“Anecdotes prove little on their own, … but … research is sterile if it proceeds in the abstract, without some kind of experiential contact with the phenomena.“ (P.E.A.)
“stickiness depends on histories of contact that have already impressed upon the surface of the object.“ (S.A.)
“Beneath the poetry of the texts, there is the actual poetry, without form and without text.“ (A.A.)
“Le bois forme un anneau continu de fibres très épaissies; au contact des trachées initiales la zone périmédullaire est restée cellulosique.” (M.J.P.)
“The durability of a poem is produced through condensation, so that it is as though language spoken in utmost density and concentration were poetic in itself.“ (H.A.)
“the deeper the point we touch, the stronger will be the thrust which sends us back to the surface.“ (H.B.)
“Je me suis aussi demandé si les surfaces articulaires elles-mêmes n'avaient pas entre elles une influence par suite de leur contact réciproque.” (M.J.P.)
“the closer the contact between the body and the used thing, the more plausible will an equation of the two appear.“ (H.A.)
“encounter, arrival, address, contact, touch, belonging, distance, accord, agreement, determination, measuring, translation, and communication“ (R.G.)
“The word ‘contingency’ has the same root in Latin as the word ‘contact’. Contingency is linked in this way to the sociality of being ‘with’ others, of getting close enough to touch.“ (S.A.)
“By attention span we mean the subjects’ tendency to persist in their contact with the objects or activities, irrespective of any underlying aim.” (A.R.A,F.P.)
“the proper intercourse with a work of art is certainly not ‘using’ it; on the contrary …“ (H.A.)
“Poetry behaves as if it lived in the heartland of its own language territory, and does not approach too closely the borders of this language …“ (M.B.)
Simultanes Arbeiten bedeutet, die Schaffensprozesse unterschiedlicher Akteur*innen miteinander in Kontakt zu bringen, ohne sie in ein kollektiviertes Ganzes münden zu lassen.
“Words and images in transit through non-places can take root in the - still diverse - places where people still try to construct part of their daily life.“ (M.A.)
“It is as if in the construction of categories for the study of criminology we started with a dichotomy of individuals into criminal and noncriminal“ (G.B.)
“The distinction between physical touch and the interaction between the microscope tip and the sample is not as great as one might think.“ (K.B.)
“‘Touching’ as we know it in our everyday lives is an electromagnetic interaction, a repulsion between electron clouds …“ (K.B.)
“What is the structure of the infinity of a point labeled (on some calendars as) 9 August?“ (K.B.)
When you wait for the phone call, and you could initiate that call, but you do not move and instead anticipate being called.
The term conjuncture denotes the coming together of two prior unsynchronised movements that nevertheless produce a constructive interference.
To wait as holding on. As a plateau of reorientation. This is not what it seemed to be. Put forward a new hypothesis.
Waiting, waiting, waiting, for the heat death.
No observation without traces. I find the nose prints on the glass, and I know somebody has been watching.
A white floccus seems to appear in the right centre. Disappears when it is wet, reappears when it is dry.
There might be a verticality in the growth which is not picked up by the camera. Perhaps install a second lateral perspective?
I wait a little, I think it is probably a triggering element, I engage. Later again, I wait and see if something happens when I stop engagement.
Daniele wrote about the dissolution of inside/outside at the window surface. It is getting dark, passersby activate sounds which I listen to in the studio.
Modes of spatiality are not independent (that is a hypothesis, probably comprehensible), but they are in contact and exchange with each other.
The six o'clock pictures are getting darker and darker, the summer progresses, should the exposures follow?
Franziska wrote about the peripheral positions as centres of attention, the margins or fringes where the ordering principles begin to oscillate.
Ron says, plausible sounds enact a passive aggressive relation to listeners, they lie in wait to be observed, and no schedule pertains.
The phone drowned in the washing machine, along with hundreds of contact data, and now awaits an embalmment ceremony.
Ruhe, Vibration und Schimmern lassen sich nicht in links-recht zergliedern, das Nebeneinander ist in Reinform, aus dem jegliche Diagonalen des Vergleichens verschwunden sind.
The stereoscopic gaze is like dissolving a tablet in sparkling water, leaving a fine, a subtle hiss at the threshold of perception despite a steady decrease.
A peculiar spatiality; the fond is calm, the centre vibrates, individual fragments shimmer.
Künstler*innen nehmen sich das Recht, in Bereichen zu wildern, für die sie aus disziplinärer Sicht „nicht qualifiziert“ sind.
“The contemporary point of view makes the notation concrete by identifying it with a diagram already used in an a priori foreign domain“ (G.C.)
Was könnte simultane Farblosigkeit sein, gleichfarblos?
Wir müssen Formen der Unsynchronisation lernen und erfinden. Ist es schon gleich? Noch nicht, aber gleich; gleich gleich.
Die Beziehungen, die wir in (Arbeits)räumen einnehmen, sind ein Gleichgewicht aus Nähe / Intimität und Distanz / Privatsphäre.
During simultaneous contact, something touches “itself”, the lichen fragments touch their past or future form, digitally produced proprioception prevails.
Looking at one's own hand, probably finding five fingers. Always already there as a group, pre-found. One imagines …
To imagine a tiny space between surface and ground, a micro forest, micro cavities, an unpretentious plasticity.
“Individuation takes place when tension, both internal and external, doesn't exercise a binary logic“ (Y.H.)
The yellow fragments seem to be shrinking over time, which worries me. Is the system sustainable, or at least in equilibrium?
Einmusterung, Bemusterung, Durchmusterung, Abmusterung
“that abstract pattern can never fully capture the embodied actuality, unless it is as prolix and noisy as the body itself“ (N.K.H.)
Whenever I am in an unfamiliar place, a specific form of exploration results, in that elements that seem incidental attract attention.
Alle Wahrnehmungsverarbeitungsapparate, sowohl die menschlichen als auch die maschinellen, können im Spiel von Identifizierung und Rauschen verortet werden.
When I was a little girl, my aunt used to take me to baseball games. I was not strong enough to say I hated them. Nine innings is certainly an eternity of boredom.
I love to wait for the rain. In Caracas, before a strong storm is going to start, cicadas make an unimaginable noise. They are so loud that you can feel your timpani vibrating.
My parents divorced when I was four years old. Every second weekend, I waited for my father to pick me up, dressed and on the staircase. Sometimes, I waited two, three, five, eight hours…
Sometimes, during a flight, vertical flows can attack the machine. It feels like a suspension of time.
Once, my parents lost me in Mexico City. They forgot me on the island. The traffic police taught me to count.
What happens if you replace the strict sequential enforcement of texts with two dials to move through time?
Waiting for the earth to smell. Petrichor.
I waited too long, and now I have to rectify things retroactively.
„Warten macht dumm und diejenigen, die uns warten lassen, halten uns auch für dumm.“ (E.R.)
make, marked, marrow, matters, meet, merely, mirrors, motives
nature, neither, never, new, no, nothing, now, nucleus
cannot, cascade, causal, center, chooses, closer, completed, compulsive
yet
halfway, happens, haunting, have, heart, hold, humans, hydrogen
object, observe, occupy, once, only, open, origin, otherwise
tearing, terms, then, theory, thing, thought, through, time
back, becoming, beneath, bones, branching, brittlestars, but, by
unify, upon, us, use
if, ignore, inaction, individual, informed, instead, intent, issue
get, given, grounded, grounds
account, action, adjustment, afraid, alignment, among, antecedent, attempt
sight, singular, skin, space, spectrum, statement, subject, such